Wait a minute, let me take this.
This is a good time to call
grandma
I heard that Ye Wushuang has gone to find you, right?
You're right, he's here
Wait a minute, we're having a family dinner
You bring him here.
I'll take a good look too
But that's it.
Grandma wants you to go to the family dinner
Sure, no problem.
Then I'll go get ready.
What are you preparing?
Let's move on.
Oh, dear.
After the family dinner
I heard grandma asked us to come over
It's because Wu Siyao's fiancé is here
According to grandpa's last wish
After they got married
This Wu family will be inherited by Wu Siyao
This Wu family as long as I am still there
It's not up to a girl to inherit